EDU-870: Add page that details operating envelope of Temporal Cloud (#2154)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/cloud-context/operating-envelope-availability.md

---
id: operating-envelope-availability
title: Temporal Cloud - Availability
sidebar_label: Availability

> description: Temporal Cloud provides 99.9% availability of the cloud service and a 99.9% guarantee against service errors.
> tags:
>   - guide-context
> ---
> 
> The Temporal Cloud service level agreement (SLA) promises 99.9% availability of the cloud service and a 99.9% guarantee against service errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Temporal Cloud provides 99.99% availability of the cloud service and a 99.9% guarantee against service errors.
tags:
  - guide-context
---

Temporal Cloud provides 99.99% availability, and its service level agreement (SLA) has a 99.9% guarantee against service errors.
```

[website](https://temporal.io/cloud) now says 4 nines availability, but that's not part of the SLA (the SLA is the "guarantee" part on the website)
